Task lifecycle restart (#14127)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/14127.txt

```release-note:improvement

> client: add option to restart all tasks of an allocation, even if the task already run, such as non-sidecar prestart and poststart tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client: add option to restart all tasks of an allocation, regardless of lifecycle type or state.
```

i dunno, seems shorter

Author: Thanks!

```

```release-note:improvement
client: only start poststop tasks after poststart tasks are done.

> ```

Reviewer: bug or feature?

Author: We never specified the expected behaviour here, so it's not like it was doing something wrong. The code change will now always follow this order, so I think it' an `improvement`.
